added  different types of  trajons and its defininations. added extra… (#4216)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/intelligence/trojans-malware.md

Trojans often use the same file names as real and legitimate apps. It is easy to accidentally download a trojan thinking that it is a legitimate app.

## Different types of trojans

> 01.Backdoor :: A backdoor Trojan gives malicious users remote control over the infected computer. They enable the author to do anything they wish on the infected computer – including sending, receiving, launching and deleting files, displaying data and rebooting the computer. Backdoor Trojans are often used to unite a group of victim computers to form a botnet or zombie network that can be used for criminal purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
01.Backdoor: 
A backdoor Trojan gives malicious users remote control over the infected computer. They enable the author to do anything they wish on the infected computer – including sending, receiving, launching and deleting files, displaying data and rebooting the computer. Backdoor Trojans are often used to unite a group of victim computers to form a botnet or zombie network that can be used for criminal purposes.
```

> 02.Exploit  ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
02.Exploit:
```

Exploits are programs that contain data or code that takes advantage of a vulnerability within application software that’s running on your computer.

> 03.Rootkit  ::  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
03.Rootkit:
```

Rootkits are designed to conceal certain objects or activities in your system. Often their main purpose is to prevent malicious programs being detected – in order to extend the period in which programs can run on an infected computer.

> 04.Trojan-Banker :: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
04.Trojan-Banker:
```

Trojan-Banker programs are designed to steal your account data for online banking systems, e-payment systems and credit or debit cards.

> 05.Trojan-DDoS :: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
05.Trojan-DDoS:
```

> These programs conduct DoS (Denial of Service) attacks against a targeted web address. By sending multiple requests – from your computer and several other infected computers – the attack can overwhelm the target address… leading to a denial of service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These programs conduct DoS (Denial of Service) attacks against a targeted web address. By sending multiple requests – from your computer and several other infected computers – the attack can overwhelm the target address, leading to a denial of service.
```

> 06. Trojan-Downloader ::  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
06. Trojan-Downloader:
```

Trojan-Downloaders can download and install new versions of malicious programs onto your computer – including Trojans and adware.

> 07.Trojan-Dropper ::   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
07.Trojan-Dropper:
```

These programs are used by hackers in order to install Trojans and / or viruses – or to prevent the detection of malicious programs. Not all antivirus programs are capable of scanning all of the components inside this type of Trojan.

> 08.Trojan-FakeAV ::  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
08.Trojan-FakeAV:
```

> Trojan-FakeAV programs simulate the activity of antivirus software. They are designed to extort money from you – in return for the detection and removal of threats… even though the threats that they report are actually non-existent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trojan-FakeAV programs simulate the activity of antivirus software. They are designed to extort money from you – in return for the detection and removal of threats, even though the threats that they report are actually non-existent.
```

> 09.Trojan-GameThief ::  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
09.Trojan-GameThief:
```

This type of program steals user account information from online gamers.

> 10.Trojan-IM :: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10.Trojan-IM:
```

> Trojan-IM programs steal your logins and passwords for instant messaging programs – such as ICQ, MSN Messenger, AOL Instant Messenger, Yahoo Pager, Skype and many more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trojan-IM programs steal your logins and passwords for instant messaging programs – such as ICQ, MSN Messenger, AOL Instant Messenger, Yahoo Pager, Skype, and many more.
```

> 11.Trojan-Ransom ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11.Trojan-Ransom:
```

> This type of Trojan can modify data on your computer – so that your computer doesn’t run correctly or you can no longer use specific data. The criminal will only restore your computer’s performance or unblock your data, after you have paid them the ransom money that they demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of Trojan can modify data on your computer so that your computer doesn’t run correctly or you can no longer use specific data. The criminal will only restore your computer’s performance or unblock your data after you have paid them the ransom money that they demand.
```

> 12.Trojan-SMS ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12.Trojan-SMS:
```

These programs can cost you money – by sending text messages from your mobile device to premium rate phone numbers.

> 13.Trojan-Spy ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Trojan-Spy:
```

Trojan-Spy programs can spy on how you’re using your computer – for example, by tracking the data you enter via your keyboard, taking screen shots or getting a list of running applications.

> 14.Trojan-Mailfinder :: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Trojan-Mailfinder: 
```

These programs can harvest email addresses from your computer.

> #source: Above descriptions are taken from this site  https://usa.kaspersky.com/resource-center/threats/trojans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#source: Above descriptions are taken from https://usa.kaspersky.com/resource-center/threats/trojans
```

> ### Trojans are mostly come from different sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Trojans can come from different sources
```

> 01.Downloadable Programs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
01. Downloadable Programs:
```

One of the possible sources of virus attacks is downloadable programs from the web. 

> Unreliable sources and internet newsgroups are one of the main sources of computer virus attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unreliable sources and Internet newsgroups are some of the main sources of computer virus attacks.
```

> 02.Cracked Software ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
02. Cracked Software:
```

> Cracked Software proves to be yet another source of virus attacks. Most people who download cracked and illegal versions of software online are unaware about the reality that they may contain virus sources as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cracked software proves to be yet another source of virus attacks. Most people who download cracked and illegal versions of software online are unaware of their reality and that they may contain virus sources as well.
```

> 03.Booting from Unknown CD ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
03. Booting from Unknown CD:
```

> One of the other sources of virus attacks is perhaps through an unknown CD. Most computer users believe that one of the most common ways of virus infection is through Data CD. It is a good practice to remove the CD when the computer system is not working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the other sources of virus attacks is through an unknown CD. Most computer users believe that one of the most common ways of virus infection is through a Data CD. It is a good practice to remove the CD when the computer system is not used.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #source: Above descriptions are taken from this site https://combofix.org/top-5-sources-of-computer-virus-attack.php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#source: Above descriptions are taken from https://combofix.org/top-5-sources-of-computer-virus-attack.php
```

## How to protect against trojans

> 01. Always  keep turned on Builtin windows defender antivirus 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
01. Always keep the built-in Windows Defender antivirus turned on
```

> 02. Use the features like protected folders , controlled folders access in windows defender

Reviewer: ```suggestion
02. Use features like protected folders and controlled folders access in Windows Defender
```

> 03. Enable windows firewall and  apply  high security application rules 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
03. Enable Windows Firewall and apply high security application rules 
```

> 04. Block untrusted sites in windows firewall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
04. Block untrusted sites in Windows Firewall
```

> 05. Use if possible standard user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
05. Use standard user if possible
```

> 06. Always keep an eye on network access and monitor internet activities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
06. Always keep an eye on network access and monitor Internet activities
```

07. If possible create software restriction policies through GPO

> 08. Always  enable windows update service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
08. Always  enable Windows Update service
```

> 09. Install windows updates like CLU ,SSU 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
09. Install Windows updates like CLU and SSU 
```

> 10. Dont down;load any cracked  softwares , dont install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Don't download any cracked software and don't install it
```

> 11. Download programs  or softwares from trusted application developer websites 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Download programs and software from trusted application developer websites only
```

> 13. Use UEFI secure boot mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Use UEFI secure boot mode
```

> 12. Enable memory integrity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Enable Memory Integrity
```

> 14. Enable windows defender  application guard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Enable Windows Defender Application Guard
```

> 15. Dont enable Builtin administrator account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Don't enable the built-in administrator account
```

> 5Use the following free Microsoft software to detect and remove it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following free Microsoft software to detect and remove Trojans:
```
